Generative AI Engineering with Databricks
This course is aimed at data scientists, machine learning engineers, and other data practitioners who want to build generative AI applications using the latest and most 
popular frameworks and Databricks capabilities. 
Below, we describe each of the four, four-hour modules included in this course.

Generative AI Solution Development: This is your introduction to contextual generative AI solutions using the retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) method. First,
you’ll be introduced to RAG architecture and the significance of contextual information using Mosaic AI Playground. Next, we’ll show you how to prepare data for generative AI
solutions and connect this process with building a RAG architecture. Finally, you’ll explore concepts related to context embedding, vectors, vector databases, a
nd the utilization of Mosaic AI Vector Search.

Generative AI Application Development: Ready for information and practical experience in building advanced LLM applications using multi-stage reasoning LLM chains and agents?
In this module, you'll first learn how to decompose a problem into its components and select the most suitable model for each step to enhance business use cases.
Following this, we’ll show you how to construct a multi-stage reasoning chain utilizing LangChain and HuggingFace transformers. Finally, you’ll be introduced to agents 
and will design an autonomous agent using generative models on Databricks.

Generative AI Application Evaluation and Governance: This is your introduction to evaluating and governing generative AI systems. First, you’ll explore the meaning behind 
and motivation for building evaluation and governance/security systems. Next, we’ll connect evaluation and governance systems to the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform.
Third, we’ll teach you about a variety of evaluation techniques for specific components and types of applications. Finally, the course will conclude with an analysis of 
evaluating entire AI systems with respect to performance and cost.

Generative AI Application Deployment and Monitoring: Ready to learn how to deploy, operationalize, and monitor generative deploying, operationalizing, and monitoring 
generative AI applications? This module will help you gain skills in the deployment of generative AI applications using tools like Model Serving. We’ll also cover how to
operationalize generative AI applications following best practices and recommended architectures. Finally, we’ll discuss the idea of monitoring generative AI applications 
and their components using Lakehouse Monitoring.


Outline
Generative AI Solution Development

Introduction to RAG
Preparing Data for RAG Solutions
Vector Search
Assembling and Evaluating a RAG Application

Generative AI Application Development

Foundations of Compound AI Systems
Building Multi-Stage Reasoning Chains
Agents and Cognitive Architectures


Generative AI Application Evaluation and Governance

Importance of Evaluating GenAI Applications
Securing and Governing GenAI Applications
GenAI Evaluation Techniques
End-to-end Application Evaluation


Generative AI Application Deployment and Monitoring

Model Deployment Fundamentals
Batch Deployment
Real-Time Deployment
AI System Monitoring
LLMOps Concepts


